# Terms and Conditions

## Service Certificate for the Free Trial Version of the "Piwik Pro Manager" Online Service

### 1. Object

By accepting the terms and conditions, the client orders the online service "Piwik Pro Manager" (hereinafter referred to
as the "Service" or "Online Service") pursuant to the attached "General Terms and Conditions of Business for Online
Services" ("AGB-OD").

### 2. Online Service Specifications

The Online Service includes the functionalities described below in the "Piwik Pro Manager Service Specifications".

### 3. Support

See "Piwik Pro Manager Service Specifications".

### 4. Availability

The service will be provided on a best-effort basis with no guaranteed uptime etc.

### 5. Costs

Any licence fees are waived for the free trial version of the Piwik Pro Manager. At no point shall the free trial
version automatically be converted into a paid contract.

### 6. System requirements and duty to collaborate

The standard system requirements for "Software as a Service" (SaaS) products (network connection, browser) shall apply.

### 7. Term of the contract

The contract commences on the date when the customer has completed the setup of the service, using the "Setup" function
or after getting the tool set up.

The agreement has an indefinite term and may be freely terminated by either Party without any notice period.

### 8. Exhibits

The Exhibits are integral components of this contract:

- "General Terms and Conditions of Business for Online Services"
- "Piwik Pro Manager Service Specifications"

## Exhibit: General Terms and Conditions of Business for Online Services (AGB-OD)

### 1. Content and conclusion of contract

#### 1.1. Parties and subject matter

These General Terms and Conditions of Business govern the legal relationship between the service provider and its
clients ("Client") in connection with the provision of software for use via the internet (Online Services). In addition,
the relevant Service Certificate applies to the provision of individual Online Services. The service provider does not
provide its services to consumers, but only for the Client's commercial or freelance professional activity.

No deviating regulations. The validity of any deviating provisions or provisions going beyond those set out here is
excluded. This applies, in particular, to the Client's general terms and conditions of business, including if the
service provider accepts an order from the Client, in which the Client has referred to its own general terms and
conditions of business or to which the same are attached, and if the service provider has not objected to their
validity.

#### 1.2. Conclusion of the contract

The contract is concluded by the Client and the service provider signing a Service Certificate or completing the "Setup"
function in Piwik Pro Manager.

### 2. Services provided by the service provider

#### 2.1. Right of use

The service provider provides the software product ("Software") designated and described in the Service Certificate to
the Client for use via the internet ("Service" or "Online Service").

#### 2.2. Provision of Services

The Software is operated and provided through a Frontend and a Backend. The Frontend is based on Google Sheets which is
part of the Google Workspace services. The Frontend communicates with a backend, the backend is operated on the Google
Cloud Platform. The backend forms the interface and middleware between the Frontend and the Piwik Pro account of the
Client. The Google Cloud Platform accounts used are held by the service provider or its subcontractor. The Google
Workspace account (for Google Sheets) holder can be determined by the Client and can be the Client's own Google
Workspace account, the service provider's or the subcontractor's. If the Client chooses to use its own Google Workspace
account, the company policies for Google Sheets must allow sharing edit rights to non-company users and running
AppsScript from third parties.

#### 2.3. Usage rights

For the term of this contract, the Client is granted the non-transferable right to access the "Frontend" via a browser
and internet connection and use it exclusively for its own business purposes in connection with its commercial or
independent professional activity. The right of use is indicated in the Service Certificate. The Client is not entitled
to grant use of the software or to provide the Service to third parties.

#### 2.4. Availability

The service provider will provide the Service to the Client in accordance with the Service Levels Specifications.

#### 2.5. Setup

Unless otherwise specified in the Service Certificate, the service provider provides the Frontend (Google Sheet) for the
client, sets up the backend logic and imports the initial components data into the sheet. The setup requires the client
to provide Piwik Pro API credentials. The service provider will use these credentials to read and manage the information
from the Client’s Piwik Pro account that is needed to provide the service (Piwik Pro Admin data, Tag Manager data and
Piwik Pro Analytics meta data about Custom Dimensions, Goals and potentially other admin-related information). The
service provider will NOT access the Client’s report data, in particular no information about end-user’s (website
visitor’s) access to the Client’s websites.

The service provider is not required to modify the Service, in particular not to re-program it according to the Client's
wishes. Such services are to be agreed upon and paid for separately.

#### 2.6. Support

The service provider will guarantee support only if agreed upon in a separate Service Certificate.

#### 2.7. Documentation

Unless otherwise agreed, the service provider only owes the provision of user documentation in the form of online help.
Any further documentation, training or instruction services are to be agreed upon and paid for separately.

#### 2.8. Service modifications

The Client knows that the Software is standard software, which is provided as an Online Service, and that a multitude of
Clients access a central system. The economies of scale resulting from such a multi-tenancy model can only be exploited
if it is a uniform software product that can be developed further. For this reason, the parties agree upon the
following: The service provider may modify the Service (including the system requirements) for an important reason. Such
a reason is given, in particular, if the modification is required due to (i) necessary adaptations to a new legal
situation or jurisprudence, (ii) changed technical framework conditions (new browser versions or technical standards),
or (iii) the protection of system security. In addition, the service provider may reasonably modify the Service as part
of further development of the Software (e.g. deactivation of obsolete functions that are largely replaced by new ones).

#### 2.9. Subcontractors

The service provider is entitled to use subcontractors to render the Services. In particular, the service provider may
use the services of subcontractors and Software and cloud services (in particular Google Workspace and Google Cloud
Platform) of Google. The respective Google entity acting as subcontractors can be determined by the following
overview: https://cloud.google.com/terms/google-entity.

### 3. Duties and obligations of the Client

#### 3.1. Piwik Pro API Credentials with Editor User Rights

The client is obliged to provide Piwik Pro API credentials for their Piwik Pro account for a user with "Manage" rights
to at least one Piwik Pro Site.

#### 3.2. GoogleSheets access

The client must be allowed to use GoogleSheets at its organization.

#### 3.3. Modification of the main structure of the GoogleSheet

The Client can add her own content (e.g. additional columns or tabs) to Piwik Pro Manager. However, the client is
aware that major changes to the structure of the sheet (e.g. changing the position of headlines, status message cells or
inserting rows in the config sheet) can lead to the functionality breaking.

#### 3.4. Backup

The service provider does not provide or guarantee any backups.

#### 3.5. Lawful use

The Client shall use the Service only within the limits of the contractual and statutory provisions and shall not
violate any third-party rights during use. When using the Service, the Client shall observe, including but not limited
to, the regulations regarding data protection, competition laws and copyright laws and shall not enter any harmful or
illegal data or misuse the Service in any other manner.

#### 3.6. System requirements and duty to collaborate

The hardware and software requirements to be met by the Client correspond to Google's requirements for using
GoogleSheets (see https://support.google.com/docs/answer/2375082). Any organisational requirements and the Client's
duties to collaborate are regulated in the Service Certificate.

### 4. Confidentiality

#### 4.1. Confidential Information

"Confidential information" means all documents, information and data designated as "confidential" by the disclosing
party in writing or verbally, which are made available or disclosed to the parties as part of their collaboration as
well as any information which is to be regarded as confidential by nature. In particular, the terms and conditions of
this contract constitute confidential information.

#### 4.2. Exceptions

The aforementioned obligations shall not apply (without a right or a licence being granted) insofar as a contracting
party that has received confidential information can demonstrate that such confidential information was lawfully

a) in the public domain at the time of disclosure or has become public thereafter, or disclosed by another person to the
receiving party, or

b) already in the possession of or known to the receiving party at the time of disclosure, or developed by the receiving
party independently of confidential information, or

c) to be disclosed in accordance with statutory or administrative regulations or due to an enforceable legal decision,
provided that the disclosing party is notified immediately of this requirement and the scope of disclosure is restricted
as far as possible.

#### 4.3. Third parties

Lawyers, auditors and the financial authorities as well as other individuals obliged to secrecy by law are not third
parties within this sense. In addition, vis-à-vis the service provider, subcontractors of the service provider (e.g.
hosters) are not regarded as third parties.

### 5. Claims for Defects

#### 5.1. Freedom from defects and quality

The service provider will provide the Service free from defects of quality and title and maintain it in a condition
suitable for contractual use during the contractual term. As regards the contractually agreed quality of the Service,
only the Specifications shall be decisive, but not any statements on the website, verbal or written statements of the
service provider prior to the conclusion of the contract or any information included in marketing materials of the
service provider. The duty to maintain the Service does not include adaptation to changed conditions of use and
technical and functional developments, such as changes in the IT environment, in particular, changed hardware or
operating systems, adaptation to the functionality of competing products or ensuring compatibility to new data formats.

#### 5.2. Remedy of defects

The Client shall notify the service provider immediately of any defects in the Service and explain the detailed
circumstances. The service provider will remedy the defect within a reasonable period. The service provider is entitled
to inform the Client of preliminary trouble-shooting possibilities and to remedy the defect subsequently by modifying
the Service, if tolerable by the Client.

#### 5.3. Limitation due to provision free of charge

Since the service provider provides the services free of charge, the provisions regarding the loan shall apply, i.e. in
particular, the service provider’s liability for defects is limited to fraudulent intent and gross negligence and a
shortened limitation period of six months.

### 6. Duties of indemnification

#### 6.1. Duty of indemnification

If third parties (including public institutions) hold the service provider liable for claims or legal violations that
are based on the allegation that the Client has violated its contractual duties, in particular, has used the Service in
an anti-competitive or otherwise unlawful manner, the following shall apply: The Client shall indemnify the service
provider immediately from and against these claims, offer reasonable support to the service provider for legal defence
and indemnify the service provider against the costs of legal defence.

#### 6.2. Prerequisites for the duty of indemnification

A prerequisite for the duty of indemnification pursuant to No. 6.1. is that the service provider notifies the Client
immediately in writing of any claims made, does not submit any acknowledgements or similar declarations and allows the
Client - insofar as possible - to conduct all judicial or extrajudicial negotiations regarding such claims at the
Client's cost.

### 7. Limitation of liability

#### 7.1. Limitation to intent and gross negligence

Due to the provision of the services free of charge, the service provider’s liability is limited to intent and gross
negligence for damages caused within the scope of a provision of services free of charge (see clause 5.3).

#### 7.2. Employees and contractors of the service provider

The limitations of liability set forth in 7.1 shall also apply to any claims against the employees and contractors of
the service provider.

### 8. Term and termination

#### 8.1. Term

The agreement has an indefinite term and may be freely terminated by either Party without any notice period.

#### 8.2. Temporary Full Access during Trial Period

The service provider may offer a certain period during which the full functionality can be tested (e.g. "full
functionality for n days"), after which only a reduced functionality will be possible.

#### 8.3. Treatment of data at the end of the contract

At the end of the contractual term, the Client can still access its data in the GoogleSheet. At the end of the contract,
the service provider will delete any data stored about the client within 365 days, insofar as the service provider is
not obliged by law to retain it.

### 9. Final provisions

#### 9.1. Service Certificate

The Service Certificate is an integral part of the contract. In the event of disputes between these General Terms and
Conditions of Business and the Service Certificate, the conditions of the Service Certificate shall prevail.

#### 9.2. Written form

Any changes to this contract must be made in writing. This shall also apply to a waiver of the written form requirement.

#### 9.3. Applicable law

This contract is governed exclusively by Swiss law, Canton of Zurich, the UN Sales Convention being excluded.

#### 9.4. Place of jurisdiction

If the Client is a merchant, legal person under public law or special separate assets of the Federal Government, the
exclusive place of jurisdiction is the seat of the service provider. The service provider remains entitled to sue the
Client at the Client's seat.

#### 9.5. Partial invalidity

If individual provisions of this contract are or become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be
affected. The invalid provision is deemed to be replaced by a provision that comes closest to the original purpose
intended by the parties in economic terms. This shall also apply to a regulatory loophole in the contract.

## Exhibit: Piwik Pro Manager Service Specifications

### 1. Scope of services

#### 1.1. Scope of services

The Piwik Pro Manager gives the Client better control over her Piwik Pro account in a GoogleSheet with a variety of
functions to e.g. handle Tag Manager content, Custom Dimensions or Goals more efficiently, especially in multi-site
scenarios.

#### 1.2. Features

The features that are available can change over time.

### 2. Provision

In addition to the Exhibit "Service Levels", the following features apply to the provision of the services:

The Piwik Pro Manager is subject to GoogleSheets limitations, e.g. the maximum cells limit.

Other limits may apply where necessary to avoid excessive usage (e.g. maximum runtime of an individual function) and
performance.

### 3. Support

#### 3.1. Definition of support services

Support requests can be raised via email. Nevertheless, the Client has no right to any kind of support during the free
usage of the Service.